Key to understanding how to improve your code and your site's performance is understanding, render
blocking resources by default.
CCS is treated as a render blocking resource.
But what I mean by arena blocking, what does it mean?
We're very simplistic.
It just means that the browser won't render it won't process any content until the case is constructed.
It almost means that the entire process is put on hold until the case is on has been fully constructed,
that the case is style sheets have been read through by the Brasa and a whole tree has been constructed
on the back of that.
Until that's done, everything else is put on pause.
Because of this, you should always just make sure you keep your seat is lean and deliver it as quickly
as possible to the browser.
So that's why we use media types and queries to unblock rendering.
In the previous sections, we saw that in the construction of the industry that the critical rendering
path requires both the Dome and the season on to construct the industry.
Remember, it requires these two things and this has one very important implication and that is drum
roll.
Both HMO and CCS are render blocking resources.
It may seem obvious that HDMI laws are in the blocking because without the Dom, there be nothing to
display, but it might not be that obvious in relation to the CCS.
OK, but what does this all mean?
Well, let's look at the case first.
If CCS is not in the blocking, so let's just say that the browser takes your content to mobile and
it displays it on the screen very quickly, and it doesn't even wait for the case is to load.
Well, this is what the site's going to look like.
It's going to look terrible.
Jackie.
Which is why it's good to actually have rain, the blocking resources, sometimes you wanted it as a
developer, right?
You want to have a nice site that's displayed to users full of content in this case is all done.
Cool.
It was a very high level summary of what a render blocking resource is.
But now let's dive into this further.
And just in case you wondering, how do we actually see a website that doesn't have any access?
Well, turns out it is super simple.
Let's have a look.
Let's just go to some random websites.
I don't know.
It's just going to navigate.
Stack Overflow.
So, yeah, we are we are on Stack Overflow.
What if this is wasn't green the blocking?
What would this look like?
Well, you can quickly just go to the DevTools so we can expect this page.
And usually the case is always kept in the hip section.
I'll zoom in there for you so you can see usually the is within this head section.
And if we open this up here, we can see here the link at risk takes.
Yes, this isn't really CCS, but if we keep scrolling down, we should be able to find CCS some way.
And then we go, but it takes less cases.
So the point I'm trying to make is that if we delete this entire head, thank you, we go.
We get rid of all the cases, and that's why it looks a complete mess.
Yeah, but there you go.
Just in case you're wondering how I actually did that.
Now, you know.